{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FOWL BREW [DRAFT]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First Draft Completed: 8.26.22}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Second Draft Completed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Final Draft Completed:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Case reading | Mayor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s office, City Hall: 11 PM]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a cold windy day as a storm was beginning to brew after a long week of summer head. A silhouette looms behind the mayor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s desk revealing a pale body of the once beloved mayor. That night, the curtains were left open allowing the passionate rain to soak the mayor on the spot. His body was discovered by his daughter Kale who has reached out to him to return for dinner. No evidence was found in the scene of the crime.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Scene reveals to be the police station]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What kind of bastard would do such a thing. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And here I thought this town was finally getting peaceful. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ma\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92am, do you remember anything else that night?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not that I know of my daughter was the one who\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85found him. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m sure she can provide more details but, right now\u8230\'85 we\u8217\'92d like to be left alone for the time being. Im sure you understand, cheif.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, of course. I understand.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The chief packs up and heads out to of the room to investigate the area further bu twas stopped by Madam Hoppin. ]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chief.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, Madam?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I want you to find whoever did this and bring them to me by any means necessary. They have disrupted the balance of not only this town but the lives of this family. My husband was a peaceful man who was selfless and cared for this town for years\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85Stop at nothing until the monster who did this gets the punishment they deserve.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Understood.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Chief leaves city hall to return to the police station]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85Unbelievable. Were already piled on with missing cases and now the mayor... Things are getting out of hand.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The chief looks at the piles of papers stacked on their desks looking defeated]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player Options #1] }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh you, I didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t see you there. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sorry, my memory is still a bit fuzzy\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85what was your name again?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player inserts name]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ah yes, [player]. Your new here, aren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t you? }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve come at the right time detective. I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve already heard of what happened in city hall\u8230\'85 The entire station is backed up and we could you as much help as we can get.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player Options #2] }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chief [ If options 1 or 2]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF [IF OPTION 3]:\tab ?! I will not tolerate such disrespect in my office. The force has been working hard to ensure that the townsfolk feel safe for generations to come. And I won\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t allow some spoiled, asshole from the city poison this town\u8217\'92s safety with your attitude.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF [AFTERWARDS]:\tab Anyway, your still new here so I can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t just trust a new detective from the academy for such a hefty case. Here take this, I need you to go to this address and look for this person. They just got off retirement but the best person for this job. I need you to track them down and make them take the case. With all the distractions we have at the station, we need a seasoned point of view to solve this case. Will you, do it?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [IF PLAYER AGREES]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perfect, knew I can count on you! Good luck and don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t let me down. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [ Case File received.]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Vermont's Garden}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pans to the street sign with address in case] }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ It was bright, clear sky on this wonderful Saturday morning. Lush fruitful trees, colorful flowers dancing in the wind, not a worry in sight on this beautiful day. ]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This must be the place.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ The player walks up to a beautiful garden with trees and flowers of many a variety. Curious they stop to smell the flowers and appreciate the scenery. ]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Enjoying the Magnolias?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?!}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [A tall elderly badger appeared behind you. They\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re wearing a flowery apron and wreak of roses.]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those are magnolias, one of my prized flowers. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were a gift from an old friend.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They are gorgeous, I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve seen these types of flowers on the island.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Excellent observation, they are native on another island not too far from here, but I do appreciate the compliment, [ Player].}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How did you???}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a small town. Its not hard to know who is who around here. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh, mind my manners, I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m Vermont the owner of this garden.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m Detective [Player].}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pleasure to meet you detective [Player]. What brings you here?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m here under order from chief to deliver this to this address. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Vermont receives the case papers]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85\tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would you like some lemonade? Walking here must have been exhausting and I could use a glass myself.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry, madam but my orders were to give this to you.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I should return to the station}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I insist please come in}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player enters Vermont\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s living room]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The room has a strong tropical appearance with lots of potted plants and a wood stove. Its small yet cozy. Vermont sits with you with a glass of lemonade.]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I appreciate the hospitality but\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You need help with the mayor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s murder case?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chief doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t trust me with a case this big, so they\u8217\'92re requesting help from you it seems.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I see, I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry but I can\u8217\'92t take the case. I\u8217\'92m retired and have been out of the field for years. I came to this town to finally find some peace. Please tell your Chief that I respectfully decline. This is none of my business and I don\u8217\'92t want anymore stress in my life.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please ma\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92am. This isn\u8217\'92t just a regular case; the livelihood of the whole town is at stake. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The player and Vermont are interrupted by MADAM HOPPIN who appears with several bodyguards standing right by the room door]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid the young detective is correct.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BOTH VERMONT AND PLAYER}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab ?!}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The townsfolk are feeling restless after the assassination of my husband. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And I fear things are getting worse.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [MADAM HOPPIN gives more reports of missing people in town]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People are going Missing Vermont and the police\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85they wont disclose this to the public but even they are fearful of their own lives to do anything about it. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This has nothing to do with me.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That may be so, but this isn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t just a regular late night bar quarrel. This is real, Vermont. If the police won\u8217\'92t do anything, I can only trust a true professional to handle this case. You came to this town to finally have your freedom and I respect that but please, please help us Inspector Vermont.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont reflects on the decision and looks at MADAM HOPPIN who reminds her of her ex-wife and stands up]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN. I humbly accept your case. Ill do whatever I get to the bottom of it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thank you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85Thank you Inspector...}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player looks on and was stopped by Vermont]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player] would you like to join me on this case? Ill need the help of familiar face if we are to get to the bottom of this.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player hesitates but agrees]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont dawns their coat and join the player as they return to city hall to begin their investigation]}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1 END }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 CHAPTER 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [City Hall in the Mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room. Scene of the crime, player and Vermont are in the mayor\u8217\'92s office. The three are standing over an outline of where Hoppins was found with other officers in the background.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m sorry things had to end this way, Hoppin\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam, was there anyone else here at the scene of the crime?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My daughter Kale was the one who found him here. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure she could help with that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hello there, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m Inspector Vermont. You must be Kale, it\u8217\'92s a pleasure to meet you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its okay dear, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re only here to help. Would you like to speak to the detectives? Or would you like to go outside?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m ok with talking to them. I want to help with this case too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you dear, if you ever get uncomfortable just let me know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 [ OPTIONS: Mayor Hoppins | Did you see anyone?]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE [1]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You mean my dad? That night, it was getting close to midnight so my mom told me to get my dad so we can all eat at the dinner table. When I got there the room was dark and the windows were open so there were puddles of water all over the floor. I figured dad must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve fallen asleep at his desk again, so I went to close the windows and wake him up\u8230\'85I tried nudging him to wake him up, but he didn\u8217\'92t move. His body flipped to the side, and he was limp without a sign of life in his eyes. I rushed to mom and that was all I saw.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE [2]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I went to check on him, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice anyone there at the time. All I remember was seeing him\u8230\'85lying there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m so sorry to hear that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 KALE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab I have to go\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale leaves the room]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going through a lot right now, please forgive her}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its not a problem Ms. Hoppins. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure this must\u8217\'92ve been a lot to take in on a regular night. [Player] and I will inspect the area for clues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MADAM HOPPIN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, I shall leave it to you both}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [MADAM HOPPIN leaves the office for the two to inspect the area]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [OPTIONS: Window | Door | Desk | Bookshelves | Floor]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [If floor is chosen]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s this? Coffee grinds? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve come from the mayor\u8217\'92s coffee mug. (They smell them) }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These are still fresh, and I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see any signs of a coffee maker in here. Not sure how useful this will be but let\u8217\'92s hang on to this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [PLAYER RECEIVES NEW EVIDENCE] }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think that should be everything, lets see if we can find anyone else to speak to about this incident.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 [Player gets option to go outside if needed]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panel 1: The Drive through}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85No ones here. Well since were already outside lets see if we can find anything out of place. The mayor\u8217\'92s office is just above here so the culprit must have jumped through the window and landed here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 [Player has option to scout the area. If side walk is chosen:]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did you find something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A foot print? And it looks like it got engraved in the cement}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hey you there! You cant be here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apologies, who might you be?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diesel, a contractor, I work here. And you are?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im Inspector Vermont and this is my partner [Player]\tab Were here to\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im gonna have to stop you right there. I heard about the mayor and the whole kerfuffle but your stepping on wet cement there bud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont scrambles to get out and wipe their hooves]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one reads the signs these days. Its bad enough I have to lay a fresh coat after some idiot messed up the last one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You mean the footprint?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, see. The sidewalk needs a bit of polishin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92. People have been complaining nowadays so I was hired to rework the thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player Options: Where were you | Who do you work for?]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [If asked: Who do you work for?]\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Listen pal, enough with the questions. Im just here to grab my coffee, lay out cement and go home. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want any part of this mayor thing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand. Could we perhaps keep this piece here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DIESEL}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do whatever you want, just get out of here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player receives footprint and gets kicked out to the city street]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well that was pleasant. I know Im new here but Ive never seen there face before.\tab At least we retrieved more evidence, we couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find anything else on the scene\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player has a chance to look through evidence]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All we have are a few coffee beans and a footprint. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Given from the looks of it the culprit must have been an avian of some kind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player: Lets stop at the caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your right, no sense standing here thinking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panel 1: Wild Roost Cafe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The player and Vermont enter the caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 and gets started by a loud squawk]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Number 94, Caramel Latter extra cream hold the sugar!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wow, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what I was prepared for.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [A chatty barista is spotted behind the register]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There you go Ma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92am, thank you for coming to the Wild Roost, enjoy your day! Next in line!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hi, Can I have a Large Green tea, no sugar please. What would you like [Player]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 [Player] will have [ Choice]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure thing, would you like this for here or to-go?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here please}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here's your number, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll deliver your order to your seat when ready!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player and Vermont sit at table with their table number erect on the table]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not a fan of coming to this place, it smells weird.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player: Smells fine to me. | Is it the coffee | That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weird]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive been here before since I moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For some reason the coffee just wreaks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Ive had coffee else where but this caf\u233\'E9 is just, not for me\tab Although that barista\u8230\'85 noticed anything weird about them [Player]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player mentions their feet]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Precisely, theyre an avian with an similar footprint to the evidence we retrieved at Town Hall. We should speak to them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player: We should leave them alone | Invite them to the table | Just enjoy your drink]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There you go, one green tea and a [Drink choice]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a stunning design, sir, did you make this?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh thank you I did, Ive been working on my technique since I started working here *squawk*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please, do take a seat with us. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d love to learn more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Cyrus hesitates]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I should probably get back, theres probably a few customers waiting in line.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems its just us. I insist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Cyrus squawks then take a seat]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont sips theyre drink.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A fine brew sir. I usually make my own tea at home but this is well done. Is this a popular drink here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you and yeah it is, we usually have a bunch of customers coming in for it. But our most popular drink is our expresso}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People really love their coffee here}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Cyrus squawk in excitement]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would you blame them, its so popular even Kale stops by for her morning brew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Havent seen her in a while though, hope she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s okay. Probably meditating in the forest again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know Kale?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a regular here! \tab We chat every now and then, she usually stops by after visiting the salon across the street. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You watched her cross the street?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well yeah, it is a glass window. Usually see people pass by all the time, some even stop by to get a drink.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strange that people get so excited over just some coffee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its not JUST any coffee this is an exotic imported coffee from off the island!\tab Beans grown here are too sweet. Folks really love the new imported brand because its just the right blend of sweet and bitter. [ ] Coffee is one of a kind and were honestly having a hard time keeping our shelves stocked haha}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont taps at Player to look down at Cyrus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet and take a picture.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Picture acquired]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you know where its from?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, I only know its imported. Though I heard a new coffee plant is being built just off the outskirts of town. Its been pretty empty so Im glad something new is happening around here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANAGER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus, we've got customers coming in!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CYRUS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s my queue. It was nice talking to you all. Enjoy your drink}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Cyrus leaves the table.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player: Why did you make me take a picture of their feet?]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While they are avian, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to scare them off by mentioning the murder and showing evidence. \tab Dont look at me like that! Its clearly needed for our investigation!\tab Plus, she\u8217\'92s a civilian. We shouldn\u8217\'92t be running around causing mass panic just because were looking for a murderer. The best thing we can do is to keep the peace as best as we can. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0                  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player shows pictures side by side]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The toes on the engraving is vastly different from that young barista. The nails on the print were well trimmed too. While the hunch about the suspect being avian may be leading us in an interesting direction. Were not making much progress\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\tab The barista had mentioned that Kale stops by here after their spa. Kind of grasping at straws here but I think our next best bet is to check it out. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH 2 END}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH 3}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont and their assistant make their way to the salon just a few blocks from the cafe. There they are greeted with melodious chimes from the door and met the receptionist]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hi, Inspector Vermont with the local Police. Id like to speak with you regarding intel on a regular at your salon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PHARA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh no no no no. Not here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm tired of your police folk coming in here interrupting my business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This town's really friendly... Im sorry ma'am, we'll be out of your way shortly, we just need to speak to someone for a moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PHARA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If ya aint here for business then I suggest you leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh dear... we need to speak to a few people in the area but the receptionist isnt the friendliest. How do we do this?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Player Options]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good idea! Ma'am, would it be possible to have a quick pedicure while were here. My colleague and I have been walking quite a bit and it would be nice to treat ourselves even for just a few minutes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PHARA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hmm... I dont trust ya but my shop needs the customers...Fine. Sit over there and Ill have Puddin' take care of yah. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Vermont and player are escorted to their chairs to get their pedicure]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh hello there!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pedicure for two? Feet in the tray please. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You must be pudding its a pleasure to meet you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it that im not welcomed here. [Player] could you help me out with this situation?\tab We need as much intel as possible and I take it that they trust you more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [PLAYER SECTION:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Option 1: Pleasure to meet you Pudding!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hello}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Option 2: How long have you worked here?\tab Pudding: Ive worked here all my life. I care for big people.\tab Player: Big People?\tab Pudding: Large folk with claws and sharp teeth.\tab Vermont: Ah, strange that she describes people like that...\tab Option 3: What do you do outside of work?\tab Pudding: I...don't really go anywhere. This job is all Im good \tab \tab at. \tab Option 4: Do you go out to meet other people?\tab Pudding: Ive tried but someone like me doesnt get by that easily here. I was adopted by my grandparents and grew up here. \tab Option 5: Im sorry about Vermont\tab Player: Im sorry if my partner scared you. She means no harm.\tab Pudding: ...]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miss Pudding, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Vermont, terribly sorry if I spooked you earlier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your the inspector from across the street.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huh?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive seen you walking around talking to everyone. You spoke to Cyrus and she looked scared. I thought you were going to do something to them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, not at all. Apologies! [ Shes gotta sharp eye on things ]\tab So Im assuming you know why were here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes.But we must be quiet, the walls have ears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course ma'am, one moment while I give you a hair cut.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [playing along] Hope its not too much of a bother haha, its been a while since ive had a hair cut!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Pudding turns on the blow dryer]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Pudding leans into their ears]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My livelihood is at stake speaking to you two. You have to promise me to not get me involved if anything else happens?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont clears their throat]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im not sure how useful this is, but I had a client come in recently looking suspiciously calm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calm?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I cant describe it beyond that but when he came in he requested a private pedicure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive never seen him around town before so I thought he was a tourist. We dont get many of them around here so thought he was just nervous and needed something to calm himself. I took on the request and did his pedicure. He took off his shoes and it was covered in cement. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cement?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im not sure if he was involved in a construction accident but Im assuming that was the reason he was so riled up about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you have a name?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PHARA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding! Hurry up with those two, weve got a few more clients coming in}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, Ma'am. Follow me up front.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The two dried off and went to the front desk to pay while pudding ran the register]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That'll be $40.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Pudding lifts a book onto the front desk and points at a name "Orion"]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was an excellent massage, ma'am. Have a good day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PUDDING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you for stopping by.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The player and Vermont left the spa]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion... does that name sound familiar to you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player: No]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, looks like were making some progress. We know that Kale stops by for coffee regularly here but what I'm more concerned is who this Orion is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But where do we go from here...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well we cant just walk around town asking everyone about this "Orion" fellow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player Options]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH 3 End}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 4}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale is mostly likely with their mother so its best we head back to town hall to gather more information}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Player and Vermont return to the Town hall and meets Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome back inspectors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did you manage to find anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We managed to get more Intel from the towns folk but we just have a few details we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like to confirm if you don't mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of Course, Id like to help however I can}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats very thoughtful of you ma'am}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player Options]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Orion, Kale, Mayor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Orion is chosen}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My dear, we cant reveal details regarding our towns folk. The people who reside here come to escape from their previous lives and start a fresh slate. As much as I have trusted you with this investigation, I just cant offer you details of that nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could you possibly give us any details on what he does here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s owns the Big Beak estate just south of town near the pier. He\u8217\'92s helped many residents find homes so his services have greatly helped our small town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm sure he has.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you so much Madam, we will be on our way}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take care.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The investigator and Player go to the parking lot outside]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something about her feels off to me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Very quick to defend the townsfolk once we have mentioned Orion. Its just a hunch but I think theres more to this man than it seems based on Pudding\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s findings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Vermont and player hears clanging and noises in the background. A wild Kale appears]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hey, hows it going fellas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What? Oh, yeah thats me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you OK?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fine fine, just had a quick run and now I am back in action Woo!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player- I think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intoxicated in some way and wreaks of coffee. This might be our chance to get some Intel]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm glad!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So what're you guys doing here?! Chatting with my mom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Um, yes, we spoke to her earlier about a few matters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale do you by any chance know Orion?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pssh, course I know him. Used to run a few errands for the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Errands?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, being the kid of the towns politicians gets a little boring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So I go out and take odd jobs here and there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What kind of jobs did you do for Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dude pays well so I just do whatever he asks. Cleaning, lawn work, you know the usual.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he just hires you to do some cleaning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those are the only job I take from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My mom hates the guy, thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s real shady so I try to keep my distance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shady? Has he done anything weird to you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing to me, but the way he acts makes me feel as if, its just a mask he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hiding behind. And Id rather not joke around with him and find out whats underneath it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hm, seems like the people here are afraid of this Orion fellow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How long has he lived here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh he just got here a few months back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Got real chumming with the people here and now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got his own little fan club. Its kind of weird now that you mention it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see. Do you know where he is right now?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably at his estates down the street. Hes a big fluffy guy, cant miss him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you, Kale}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No biggie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also uh, don't tell mom what I told you guys\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't usually get much freedom and things have gotten pretty rocky since dad..you know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your secrets safe with us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The two arrive near the condo and spot two shadowy figures facing each other]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm sorry sir, I'm late again this month. I promise Ill pay you back}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???\line Oh, don't worry son. I'm just glad that your doing well these days. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hows Paige and the cafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shes doing great and the coffee you gave us is doing wonder for sales recently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People just cant stop drinking the stuff its insane, like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What your secret ingredient man??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haha, thats something you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to figure out on your own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What good is a businessman if he gives away all his secrets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats true, I'm sorry Mr. Orion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No need. Its getting dark now, how about we head in and discuss all this another time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure, well, have a good night sir!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You too!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Cyrus leaves the scene ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve decided to stop by for a visit, Vermont, [Player]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Player and Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn't think we were invited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonsense, everyone is welcome here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it you aren't here for a special tour aren't you detective}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You seem to know who we are before we even got the chance to introduce ourselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the ehem recent incident with our beloved mayor. Word tends to go around pretty quickly, especially about a certain detective and their partner roaming about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm guessing we aren't as welcomed as you made out to be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't say that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You just happened to be in the neighborhood and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85well}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the sake of my tenants, I'm going to ask you kindly to leave the premises.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But we have said anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think your presence has done enough. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If your don't Ill have no choice but to use force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can assure you theres no need for that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We would just like to request an offer of your time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I'm afraid Id have to offer you to leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whats going on here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont and Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What the who?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Orion disappears behind the blinding light ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We mean no harm, were just here to meet Orion her-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont notices that Orion flees the scene but the wet pavement is there]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85No one else is here but the two of you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems our conversation got cut short. We will be on our way now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upupup, not so fast. Your coming with me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cant let two wanders go under Neighborhood watch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s patrol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The two are escorted to the pier with the neighborhood watch patrol officer]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive been seeing you two wandering around lately.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forgive the rudeness but I believe we are owed an introduction of some kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were meeting with the Mr Orion and now got dragged to the other side of town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, just to make things easier. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My name is Monty, I run the pier near the coast of town and part of the neighborhood watch. I scout the are and try my best to keep the folks here safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How many people are in this neighborhood watch of yours}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh its just me for the time being. Not many people are eager to walk around at night for creeps. Especially with all the\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85recent incidents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it you speak of the incident with the mayor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have you been living under a rock or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s case is the biggest one yet but\u8230\'85 folks around here have gone missing too. And I hate to say it but a few folks may be suspecting that the two of you may be involved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are investigators tasked by Madam Hoppins to investigate the case of her late husband. Why in the world would we do such a thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well its not you and your partner folks are worried a bout. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its just you, tall badger wandering around town does draw suspicion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive lived here for a few month, I would never hurt anyone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get that, but with a small town its easy for folks to recognize newcomers and locals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you saying that I may have something to do with the missing cases.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don't get me wrong officer, I'm not one to judge but picture this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you were living in a small town of lets say 5-10 folks and someone new stops by, people would immediately know that your not from around here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now lets say that missing people started to disappear one after the other during the time when this new comer is conveniently not in town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With all due respect, I'm here to retire peacefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no intentions to harm anyone on this island and that fact that people are accusing me of such thing is insulting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your being insulted by rumors then}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as how you are offended by these accusations, nothing is confirmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I take it, if the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife tasked you to investigate the mayor\u8217\'92s murder then I assume theres more to meet the eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This all feels like an interrogation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How can someone in the neighbor hood watch know so much about these sort of thing anyway. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your not the only one who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not from here who came for a peaceful life inspector.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive seen my fair share of misjudgment in my life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An old soul like me gets tired of it after a while.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it your from off the island as well?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yup, used to be a professional wrestler back in the good old days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things got a little rough so came here not too long ago.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What happened?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sigh.. 40 years ago I was the national champion in my league.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traveled far and wide to every tournament in the world and always made it to the top. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mad Dog Monty\u8221\'94 is what they used to call me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mad Dog huh, back in the field they used to call me \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vermont the Vacant\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vacant?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, I used to work in private investigations for 40 years. Always found the killer no matter what. I was told that with every case Id give a blank look. As if I'm a predator stalking their prey or something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He-he, I know that feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People in the ring always got that look from me. Scare the crap out of them but I didn't mind all too much. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So uh, if things were so good what made you come all the way out here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the nick name, things didn't feel right. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can only get reports of innocent people getting hurt for so long. All the trials, the phone calls, the testimonies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it eats away at your sanity one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first I joined the force to help the community, but at the cost I lost everything\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 my sanity, my will to live. Only after losing my late wife that I had to retire and leave the town I valiantly served.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sound rough, I'm uh, sorry that happened to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its nothing to apologize for, if anything im sorry you had to hear this old soul ramble about the past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't say that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Went through kind of the same thing as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few years ago, I decided one last match before the road, things were changing about me that I didn't like. On my final match, things were heating up as usual, one more punch and the belt is mine but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85something took over that day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a rush. Things went dark and before I knew it my opponent was down on the ground with a gaping bit would\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85from me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You bit him?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn't mean to!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't know what happened but since that day I ran. Ran as far as I could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What happened, why did I bite him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was scare but most of all I was scared of myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I him away from the public and word got around that I murdered the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you felt so guilty why didn't you turn yourself in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know from a cop\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s point of view, it'd be that easy but\u8230\'85 look at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People like me don't get a slap on the wrist for an accidental bite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were gonna kill me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knew that if I stayed where I was that if they ever caught me, Id never see the light of day. I didn't wanna leave, that was my home\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What did you do?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I paid an old friend a visit at the hospital. The guy I bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily he was recovering well and forgave me, but even with that I couldn't forgive myself. I loved wrestling but Id never hurt a fly outside the ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once I said my goodbyes, I headed to the shore and swam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85swam as far away as possible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Washed up on this right here island and Mayor Hoppins took me in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Folks were afraid of me but eventually warmed up to me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hoppins wanted me to be his official bodyguard but I couldn't risk it, not like what happened last time. So I offered to run this here pier and run neighborhood watch and here we are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You've been through quite a lot Monty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, you got me crying over here in front of a bunch of people I don't even know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand though Monty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don't want anyone to be harmed in anyway, even if it meant isolating yourself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Believing that the only way to keep a peaceful life is to isolate yourself as much as possible until your final breathe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But theres definitely more out there for you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The town might be small but we've met some great people who care about this town just as much as you do\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and if you ever need a friend, I'm here for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know what its like to be treated differently and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85as hard as things might be\u8230\'85it gets better, I promise}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know, for a cop. Your not so bad yourself}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you've been in the field this long, you've seen a lot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what hurts the most is seeing your fellow officers treat the people they protect like dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I solemnly promise that my partner and I haven't he towns best interest at heart and would never hurt anyone. However, this final case is big.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We cant allow things to keep going like this and for more and more people we care about to get hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was tasked by Madam to find the culprit and end this. Apologies if I seemed suspicious speaking to Mr Orion but that fellow just feels off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought I was the only one who thought that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You too?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new around here. A rich tycoon who drifted a little off shore and discovers the island. He funded a few living spaces for the town and people love him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive heard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But think about it, a billionaire just conveniently wanders into town and now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a whole fan club.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s up to something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No doubt it, Ive met my fair share of rich folk back in my career and if theres one thing Ive learned is that no ones truly satisfied with what they have. People like that always crave more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why didn't you report him to the police.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont, do you hear yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People look at me and would think In the killer over here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man of that much power isn't a person you can just report to the police and get away scot free.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your right. What we need is hard evidence that this Orion fellow is up to something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But no matter what we try, we cant seem to get any concrete evidence besides rumors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know I said I wouldn't be involved. But Ive noticed something weird on my usual patrols. Ive seen folks wander around the woods holding sacks of some kind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sacks? Could you describe the person you saw holding it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sharks don't have good eye sight but that bag, wreaked of meat and roses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roses\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The receptionist, Phara?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player] we need to leave now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where are you going?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you so much Monty but we need to leave now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh and if you ever need a friend to chat with I live just north from here. Stop by for some tea sometime!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He-he, will do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Vermont and Player rush off to the salon now that the newest suspect has been reveled ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH 4 END }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont and player rush into the salon]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hello, is anyone here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detective? Your back, whats wrong?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing of concern but I need to speak to your manager.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phara? She just left, its closing hour so she left me to clean up shop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you know when she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont know. She always leaves early and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the type to share her personal business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see, mind if we wait around while incase she comes back?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player and vermont wait out at the front of teh salon]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think were starting to get the big picture here [Player]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as Monty mentioned, we have a prime suspect in the wait but we cant just barge in and make accusations. We have to figure out how to expose this man for who he truly is and fast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont picks up on the smell again and sees a shadowy figure in the distance]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over there!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player and Vermont pick up on the scent and book it towards the pier]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wait, stop!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The figure dives into the water and Vermont follows suit. The figure then grabs Vermont\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg and pulls him down. Unable to breathe Vermont struggles to swim up to the surface and is then rescued by Monty]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hell are you doing out here!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cough cough. I was close}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you nuts?! You cant swim, you couldve drowned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty, I saw them!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty\line What?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The person who smelled of meat and roses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We chased them all the way to the pier and they jumped into the ocean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85did you see them?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sorry, detective. I was in the shack I didnt even see anyone jump in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DAMN. And we were so close too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps you should rest a bit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This case has gone on long enough, dont you see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liek you said, people are going missing, that crazy chicken threatened to kill me and I nearly drowned. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Listen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know this is tough but you gotta keep it together man. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill help however way I can, you have me and player to help as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What did you both see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I saw a figure with a long tail jumping in with a sack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The water\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85that mustve been the reason Ive been the only one who\u8217\'92s noticed that weird smell. Whomever did this knew what they were doing and had the experience behind it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a trail that they left while we chased them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, lets follwo the trail and see where it leads.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your coming with us?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your gonna need all the help you can get.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The three follow the trail that leads to near the cafe]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay here Monty, Player and I have a few questions we need to ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont enters the cafe]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont, its good to see you again!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wonderful to see you as well Cyrus, hows everything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing out of the usual, just the same old.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I saw you just the other day with Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh him? Yeah we were just chating about the usual business. A friend of his stopped by with another sack of those special coffee beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from said friend do you know where he got these beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theyre imported from what im told but between you and me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr Orion said that since business has been booming with these new beans that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s planning on building a coffee plant for the town!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A coffee plant!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah! And he said he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make me the manager of it once its ready!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isnt that exciting!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting, so Orion is the one behind these beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats right!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Care for a sample?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know what, maybe I will. Thank you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont takes a cup and leaves the shop]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont takes a sip of the coffee]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cough cough, ahahahaha!! This is great, woo!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You alright?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Never felt so good! Monty want me to do anything for you buddy?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill do anything anything!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The matter with you???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player splashes them with water]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What what happened?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You drank that sample and went full on crazy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if you were addicted to teh stuff. Have you had coffee before?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im not the biggest fan of it but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 if what you said is true then\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were going to Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We never got the chance to properly speak to him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Monty, I wont make you come along if you arent comfortable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill follow the trail from earlier, you can go on ahead. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright. [Player] this is our last shot. I dont know who this man is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but if what Kale said is true, we MUST be on our toes. He\u8217\'92s the only one in town we havent spoken with\u8230\'85 its all or nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont storms off with Player back to the condominiums]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were here but where the hell could he be\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont rings the doorbell then a shadowy figure knocks them both out]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH5 END}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH6 FINAL}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont and Player wake up with Diesel and Orion standing before them. Both locked onto a Pillory in the middle of the forest with little to no presence.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What the?! [Player\} are you ok??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion, you parasite! What have you done with us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, why little ol me didnt do a thing. Its you who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the true parasite, meddling in my business with your interruptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is this what you call a business? Meddling with these poor innocent townsfolk. And that coffee of yours\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85what did you do to them?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Id watch that attitude of yours if I were you.Diesel..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont is punched by Diesel]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AGH!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting that you have the audacity to invade my new island with these assumptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Orion lifts Vermonts head with a knife by his neck]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But a little cutie like you, itd be a shame for me to kill you right this second. Though, the wishbone society would be quite displeased if I left one alive..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wishbone? The fuck are you getting at?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, my dear Vermont. People like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85predators with your claws and sharp teeth, scare little ol folks like us. Prey constantly on the watch for people like you. There were too many of you and I just had to simple do some\u8230\'85damage control.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your the one behind those missing people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Itd be a lie if I said I wasnt but it was all for good reason detective dont you worry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What good of a reason could possibly have had to murder all these townsfolks and get away with it. What did you eat them or something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh that would be simply barbaric, do I look like a man who would even think of eating you fiends. I had them buried of course.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liar! Its that coffee\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 ever since youve shown up and that time I drank it\u8230\'85 Those beans came from YOU. What did you do to those innocent people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh detective, I wish I could spoil the ending but I think a smart detective like yourself could put two and two together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85you didnt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The missing predators merely became fertilizer for my coffee beans. I find that natural decomposition of flesh is the perfect additive for my concoction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Why?! Why go through all this! Was the mayor one of your fertilizers?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pfft, that filty ingrate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No it would have been too easy if rolled the dice with that man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Orion casually sits next to Vermont knife in hand]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, I have a dream\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 to make this island great!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I got to this boring wasteland, I saw something missing, a direction. With this island slowly wasting away, these people needed something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coffee??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A new leader. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first I simply wanted a little coffee plant on this island, itd provide the people here with new hope and opportunities. But that ingrate denied my request\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 NOONE SAYS  NO TO ORION.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I had to make an example out of him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You killed the man for some dumb coffee.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh silly, is that what you think? Open your ears~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This town needed a direction, a new leader\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85me. I was hoping that the mayour would I accept my new construction plans but I had enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I Am Orion Von Revitora, billionaire extroidinaire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 he was just a lowly frog who though low of me. So I did what I could, the old man had a slight cough you see and I offered him some medicine of my own device. A fiber pill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 you didnt!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sucker, swallowed it with some water and slowly passed before me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh you should have seen it detective, such a wonderful sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing your enemies, learn their lesson.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You bastard! He was an innocent man, they were all innocent! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tisk tisk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 is someone getting a little riled up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think its time for me to help you and your little partner here get some rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale bursts from the bushes with Monty following suit]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You fucker! Your the one who did it and after I trusted you!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unhand me! Diesel get them!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Diesel attempts to break Kale off Orion but Monty interrupts and start fighting]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You idiot, forget him and help ME. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill kill you and your who fucking family!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Orion clearly losing the fight, retreats to town. Kale follows suit.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get back here!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale! No get away from him!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Monty helps teh player and vermont get out of the pillory. Kale and Orion make it to the town square. Kale blindly continues to throw pucnhes at Orion while he submits.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stop! Please no!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale in a blind rage grabs Orion and waterboards him in the fountain. While Orion was flaily he grabs a fiber pill and swallows it, then swallows the water from the fountain]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The towns folk watch in horror as Kale chokes Orion until his arm goes limp. Kale, recovering from her rage breathes heavily and takes a few steps back to see what theyve done. Vermont, Player and Monty make it to town and sees teh aftermath]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Townsfolk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Murderer! It was Kale all along! She murdered Orion! How could you! The mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s daughter!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale in shock looks at their hands as the police arrive and arrests them]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chief}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale Hoppins, you have been arrested and charged for homicide and the murder of Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im sorry, I just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Kale looks at Vermont as they are locked into the police car and slowly driven away]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I\u8230\'85damn it}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The town disburse as the remaining officers slowly cover and dispose of Orions body.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [A few months later in the penetentiary]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Officer }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale Hoppins, you bail has been covered. You free to leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What? Who?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont, Kale and Monty showed up]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hi Kale.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Vermont }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale rushes over to Vermont and gives her a hug]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im sorry, I knew I shouldnt have\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I just didnt}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont gives them a hug]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its ok, I know\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 you did what you could.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale (crying)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mom, never visited either\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont think I can go back home, Vermont.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 would you like to stay with me?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have plenty of room at my home, your always welcome to-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, thank you!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Kale continues to hug Vermont as Player and Monty watch the two. A few weeks later, the four are tending to Vermont\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden and Monty notices the sky getting darker than usual With paper started falling from the sky. Vermont hesitates and picked up one of the flier. The flier, painted in blood read \u8220\'93The WishBone Society will return\u8221\'94. The four stare in horror of the new flier and worry about the future of the island.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THE END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}