{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 4}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale is mostly likely with their mother so its best we head back to town hall to gather more information}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Player and Vermont return to the Town hall and meets Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome back inspectors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did you manage to find anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We managed to get more Intel from the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s folk, but we just have a few details we\u8217\'92d like to confirm if you don't mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of Course, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like to help however I can}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very thoughtful of you ma'am}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player Options]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Orion, Kale, Mayor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Orion is chosen}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My dear, we can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reveal details regarding our town\u8217\'92s folk. The people who reside here come to escape from their previous lives and start a fresh slate. As much as I have trusted you with this investigation, I just can\u8217\'92t offer you details of that nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could you possibly give us any details on what he does here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He owns the Big Beak estate just south of town near the pier. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s helped many residents find homes, so his services have greatly helped our small town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm sure he has.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you so much Madam, we will be on our way}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Hoppins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take care.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The investigator and Player go to the parking lot outside]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something about her feels off to me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Very quick to defend the townsfolk once we have mentioned Orion. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a hunch but I think there\u8217\'92s more to this man than it seems based on Pudding\u8217\'92s findings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Vermont and player hear clanging and noises in the background. A wild Kale appears]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hey, how is it going fellas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What? Oh, yeah that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you OK?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fine, just had a quick run and now I am back in action Woo!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player- I think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intoxicated in some way and wreaks of coffee. This might be our chance to get some Intel]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm glad!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, what're you guys doing here?! Chatting with my mom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Um, yes, we spoke to her earlier about a few matters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale do you by any chance know Orion?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pssh, course I know him. Used to run a few errands for the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Errands?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, being the kid of the towns politicians gets a little boring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, I go out and take odd jobs here and there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What kind of jobs did you do for Orion?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dude pays well so I just do whatever he asks. Cleaning, lawn work, you know the usual.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, he just hires you to do some cleaning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those are the only job I take from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My mom hates the guy, thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s real shady so I try to keep my distance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shady? Has he done anything weird to you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing to me, but the way he acts makes me feel as if, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a mask he\u8217\'92s hiding behind. And I\u8217\'92d rather not joke around with him and find out what\u8217\'92s underneath it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hm, seems like the people here are afraid of this Orion fellow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How long has he lived here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, he just got here a few months back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Got real chumming with the people here and now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got his own little fan club. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kind of weird now that you mention it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see. Do you know where he is right now?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably at his estates down the street. Hes a big fluffy guy, can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t miss him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you, Kale}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No biggie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also, uh, don't tell mom what I told you guys\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't usually get much freedom and things have gotten pretty rocky since dad. You know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your secrets safe with us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kale}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The two arrive near the condo and spot two shadowy figures facing each other]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm sorry sir, I'm late again this month. I promise I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll pay you back}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???\line Oh, don't worry son. I'm just glad that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing well these days. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Paige and the cafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doing great and the coffee you gave us is doing wonder for sales recently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People just can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop drinking the stuff its insane, like\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What your secret ingredient man??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ha-ha, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something you\u8217\'92d have to figure out on your own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What good is a businessman if he gives away all his secrets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true, I'm sorry Mr. Orion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No need. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s getting dark now, how about we head in and discuss all this another time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sure, well, have a good night, sir!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are too!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Cyrus leaves the scene]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve decided to stop by for a visit, Vermont, [Player]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Player and Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn't think we were invited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonsense, everyone is welcome here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it you aren't here for a special tour aren't you detective}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You seem to know who we are before we even got the chance to introduce ourselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the ehem recent incident with our beloved mayor. Word tends to go around pretty quickly, especially about a certain detective and their partner roaming about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm guessing we aren't as welcomed as you made out to be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't say that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You just happened to be in the neighborhood and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85well}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the sake of my tenants, I'm going to ask you kindly to leave the premises.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But we have said anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think your presence has done enough. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, I\u8217\'92ll have no choice but to use force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can assure you there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no need for that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We would just like to request an offer of your time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I'm afraid I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to offer you to leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going on here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont and Player}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What the who?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Orion disappears behind the blinding light]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We mean no harm, were just here to meet Orion her-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont notices that Orion flees the scene, but the wet pavement is there]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85No one else is here but the two of you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems our conversation got cut short. We will be on our way now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upupup, not so fast. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re coming with me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let two wanders go under Neighborhood watch\u8217\'92s patrol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The two are escorted to the pier with the neighborhood watch patrol officer]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been seeing you two wandering around lately.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forgive the rudeness but I believe we are owed an introduction of some kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were meeting with the Mr. Orion and now dragged to the other side of town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, just to make things easier. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My name is Monty, I run the pier near the coast of town and part of the neighborhood watch. I scout the area and try my best to keep the folks here safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How many people are in this neighborhood watch of yours?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just me for the time being. Not many people are eager to walk around at night for creeps. Especially with all the\u8230\'85recent incidents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it you speak of the incident with the mayor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have you been living under a rock or something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s case is the biggest one yet but\u8230\'85 folks around here have gone missing too. And I hate to say it, but a few folks may be suspecting that the two of you may be involved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are investigators tasked by Madam Hoppins to investigate the case of her late husband. Why in the world would we do such a thing?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not you and your partner folks are worried about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just you, tall badger wandering around town does draw suspicion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve lived here for a few months; I would never hurt anyone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get that, but with a small town it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy for folks to recognize newcomers and locals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you saying that I may have something to do with the missing cases?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don't get me wrong officer, I'm not one to judge but picture this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you were living in a small town of let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, say 5-10 folks and someone new stops by, people would immediately know that you\u8217\'92re not from around here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s say that missing people started to disappear one after the other during the time when this newcomer is conveniently not in town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With all due respect, I'm here to retire peacefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no intentions to harm anyone on this island and that fact that people are accusing me of such thing is insulting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your being insulted by rumors then}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as how you were offended by these accusations, nothing is confirmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I take it, if the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife tasked you to investigate the mayor\u8217\'92s murder, then I assume there\u8217\'92s more to meet the eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This all feels like an interrogation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How can someone in the neighborhood watch know so much about these sorts of thing anyway. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not the only one who\u8217\'92s not from here who came for a peaceful life inspector.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen my fair share of misjudgment in my life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An old soul like me gets tired of it after a while.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I take it you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re from off the island as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yup, used to be a professional wrestler back in the good old days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things got a little rough so came here not too long ago.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What happened?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sigh... 40 years ago, I was the national champion in my league.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traveled far and wide to every tournament in the world and always made it to the top. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mad Dog Monty\u8221\'94 is what they used to call me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mad Dog huh, back in the field they used to call me \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vermont the Vacant\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vacant?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, I used to work in private investigations for 40 years. Always found the killer no matter what. I was told that with every case I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d give a blank look. As if I'm a predator stalking their prey or something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He-he, I know that feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People in the ring always got that look from me. Scare the crap out of them but I didn't mind all too much. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So uh, if things were so good what made you come all the way out here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the nick name, things didn't feel right. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can only get reports of innocent people getting hurt for so long. All the trials, the phone calls, the testimonies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it eats away at your sanity one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, I joined the force to help the community, but at the cost I lost everything\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 my sanity, my will to live. Only after losing my late wife that I had to retire and leave the town I valiantly served.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sound rough, I'm uh, sorry that happened to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing to apologize for, if anything I\u8217\'92m sorry you had to hear this old soul ramble about the past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wouldn't say that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Went through kind of the same thing as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few years ago, I decided one last match before the road, things were changing about me that I didn't like. On my final match, things were heating up as usual, one more punch and the belt is mine but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85something took over that day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a rush. Things went dark and before I knew it my opponent was down on the ground with a gaping bit would\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85from me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You bit him?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn't mean to!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't know what happened but since that day I ran. Ran as far as I could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What happened, why did I bite him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was scared but most of all I was scared of myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I him away from the public and word got around that I murdered the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you felt so guilty, why didn't you turn yourself in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know from a cop\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s point of view; it'd be that easy but\u8230\'85 look at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People like me don't get a slap on the wrist for an accidental bite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were going to kill me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knew that if I stayed where I was that if they ever caught me, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never see the light of day. I didn't want to leave, that was my home\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What did you do?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I paid an old friend a visit at the hospital. The guy I bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily, he was recovering well and forgave me, but even with that I couldn't forgive myself. I loved wrestling but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never hurt a fly outside the ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once I said my goodbyes, I headed to the shore and swam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85swam as far away as possible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Washed up on this right here island and Mayor Hoppins took me in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Folks were afraid of me but eventually warmed up to me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hoppins wanted me to be his official bodyguard, but I couldn't risk it, not like what happened last time. So, I offered to run this here pier and run neighborhood watch and here we are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You've been through quite a lot of Monty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, you got me crying over here in front of a bunch of people I don't even know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand though Monty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don't want anyone to be harmed in anyway, even if it meant isolating yourself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Believing that the only way to keep a peaceful life is to isolate yourself as much as possible until your final breathes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s definitely more out there for you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The town might be small, but we've met some great people who care about this town just as much as you do\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and if you ever need a friend, I'm here for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know what it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like to be treated differently and\u8230\'85as hard as things might be\u8230\'85it gets better, I promise}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know, for a cop. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not so bad yourself}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you've been in the field this long, you've seen a lot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what hurts the most is seeing your fellow officers treat the people they protect like dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I solemnly promise that my partner and I haven't he towns best interest at heart and would never hurt anyone. However, this final case is big.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allow things to keep going like this and for more and more people we care about to get hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madam tasked me to find the culprit and end this. Apologies if I seemed suspicious speaking to Mr. Orion but that fellow just feels off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought I was the only one who thought that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You too?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new around here. A rich tycoon who drifted a little offshore and discovers the island. He funded a few living spaces for the town and people love him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve heard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But think about it, a billionaire just conveniently wanders into town and now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a whole fan club.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s up to something?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No doubt it, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve met my fair share of rich folk back in my career and if there\u8217\'92s one thing, I\u8217\'92ve learned is that no one\u8217\'92s truly satisfied with what they have. People like that always crave more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why didn't you report him to the police?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont, do you hear yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People look at me and would think in the killer over here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man of that much power isn't a person you can just report to the police and get away scot free.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your right. What we need is hard evidence that this Orion fellow is up to something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But no matter what we try, we can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to get any concrete evidence besides rumors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know I said I wouldn't be involved. But I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve noticed something weird on my usual patrols. I\u8217\'92ve seen folks wander around the woods holding sacks of some kind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sacks? Could you describe the person you saw holding it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sharks don't have good eyesight but that bag, wreaked of meat and roses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roses\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The receptionist, Phara?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player] we need to leave now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where are you going?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you so much Monty but we need to leave now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, and if you ever need a friend to chat with, I live just north from here. Stop by for some tea sometime!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He-he will do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ Vermont and Player rush off to the salon now that the newest suspect has been reveled]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH 4 END }
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs22\b0\i0}