{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Bahnschrift;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fowl Call Script #1 by Kapioga (7 pages) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fowl Call Script}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 by Kapioga}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Issue: 1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ONE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Murder Trial and The Assignment}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Case reading | Mayor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office, City Hall: 11 PM]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a cold windy day as a storm was beginning to brew after a long week of summer head. A silhouette looms behind the mayor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s desk revealing a pale body of the once beloved mayor. That night, the curtains were left open allowing the passionate rain to soak the mayor on the spot. His body was discovered by his daughter Kale who has reached out to him to return for dinner. No evidence was found in the scene of the crime.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Scene reveals to be the police station]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab What kind of bastard would do such a thing. And here I thought this town was finally getting peaceful. \tab Ma\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92am, do you or your son remember anything else that night?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Not that I know of my daughter was the one who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85found him. I\u8217\'92m sure she can provide more details, however. \tab Right now, we\u8217\'92d like to be left alone, we\u8217\'92ve already have enough on our plate as is chief.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab I understand madam}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Chief.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, Madam?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab I want you to find whoever did this and bring them to me at any \tab means necessary. They have disrupted the balance of not only this town but the lives of this family. He was a peaceful man who was selfless and cared for this town for years\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85Stop at nothing until the monster who did this gets the punishment they deserve.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab I understand.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Chief leaves city hall to return to the police station]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85Unbelievable. Were already piled on with missing cases and ow the mayor\u8217\'92s dead. Things are getting out of hand.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [OPTIONS ACTIVE (See comments)]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab ?!\tab Oh you, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see you there. Sorry, my memory is still fuzzy what was your name again?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player inserts name]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab Ah yes, [player]. Your new here, aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t you? You\u8217\'92ve come at the right time detective. I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve already heard of what happened in city hall\u8230\'85 The entire station is backed up and we could you as much help as we can get.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [OPTIONS ACTIVE (See comments)]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chief [ If options 1 or 2]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF [IF OPTION 3]:\tab ?! I will not tolerate such disrespect in my office. The force has been working hard to ensure that the townsfolk feel safe for generations to come. And I won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t allow some spoiled, asshole from the city poison this town\u8217\'92s safety with your attitude.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF [AFTERWARDS]:\tab Anyway, your still new here so I can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just trust a new detective from the academy for such a hefty case. Here take this, I need you to go to this address and look for this person. They just got off retirement but the best person for this job. I need you to track them down and make them take the case. With all the distractions we have at the station, we need a seasoned point of view to solve this case. Will you, do it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ OPTIONS ACTIVE (See comments)]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHIEF:\tab Perfect, knew I can count on you! Good luck and don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t let me down. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Case File received.]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TWO}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Vermont's Garden}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pans to the street sign with address in case] }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was bright, clear sky on this wonderful Saturday morning. Lush fruitful trees, colorful flowers dancing in the wind, not a worry in sight on this beautiful day. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab This must be the place.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The player walks up to a beautiful garden with trees and flowers of many a variety. Curious they stop to smell the flowers and appreciate the scenery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab Magnolias.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A tall smiling deer appeared behind you. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re wearing a flowery apron and wreak of roses.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab Those are magnolias, one of my prized flowers. They were a gift from an old friend.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab They are gorgeous, I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve seen these types of flowers on the island.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab Excellent observation detective, they are native in another island not too far from here, but I do appreciate the flattery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab How did you???}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a small town, dear. Its not hard to know who is who around here. Oh, mind my manners, I\u8217\'92m Vermont the owner of this garden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m [Player].}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pleasure to meet you detective [Player]. What brings you here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m here under order from chief to deliver this to this address. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont receives the case papers]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85\tab Would you like some lemonade? Walking here must have been \tab exhausting and I could use a glass myself.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry, madam but my orders were to give this to you. I should return to the station}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I insist please come in}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player enters room]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The room has a strong tropical appearance with lots of potted plants and a wood stove. Its small yet cozy. Vermont sits with you with a glass of lemonade.]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab I appreciate the hospitality but\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You need help with the mayor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s murder case?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab The chief doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trust me with a case this big, so they\u8217\'92re requesting help from you it seems.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I see, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry but I can\u8217\'92t take the case. I\u8217\'92m retired and have been out of the field for years. I came to this town to finally find some peace. Please tell your Chief that I respectfully decline. This is none of my business and I don\u8217\'92t want anymore stress in my life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]:\tab Please ma\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92am. This isn\u8217\'92t just a regular case; the livelihood of the whole town is at stake. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [MADAM HOPPIN appears with several bodyguards]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid the young detective is correct.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BOTH VERMONT AND PLAYER:\tab ?!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN\tab The townsfolk are feeling restless after the assassination of my husband. And I fear things are getting worse.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [MADAM HOPPIN gives more reports of missing people in town]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab People are going Missing Vermont and the police are fearful of their own lives to do anything about it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This has nothing to do with me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab That may be so, but this isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just a regular late night bar quarrel. This is real, Vermont. If the police won\u8217\'92t do anything, I can only trust a true professional to handle this case. You came to this town to finally have your freedom and I respect that but please, please help us Inspector Vermont.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont reflects on the decision and looks at MADAM HOPPIN who reminds her of her ex-wife and stands up]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab MADAM HOPPIN. I humbly accept your case. Ill do whatever I get to the bottom of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Thank you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85Thank you Inspector...}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player looks on and was stopped by Vermont]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab [Player] would you like to join me on this case? Ill need the help of familiar face if we are to get to the bottom of this.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player hesitates but agrees]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ This is the beginning of a journey of reckoning]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1 END }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 THREE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 2}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Scene of the crime, player and Vermont are in the mayor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s office]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m sorry things had to end this way, Ribbert. Was there anyone else here at the scene of the crime?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab My daughter Kale was the one who found him here. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sure she could help with that.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE:\tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Hello there, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m Inspector Vermont, I\u8217\'92m here to solve this case. You must be Kale, it\u8217\'92s a pleasure to meet you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Its okay dear, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re only here to help. Would you like to speak to the nice detectives? Or would you like to go outside?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE:\tab I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m ok with talking to them. I want to help with this case too.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Thank you dear, if you ever get uncomfortable just let me know.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ OPTIONS: Mayor Hoppins | Did you see anyone?]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE [1]:\tab You mean my dad? That night, it was getting close to midnight so my mom told me to get my dad so we can all eat at the dinner table. When I got there the room was dark and the windows were open so there were puddles of water all over the floor. I figured dad must\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve fallen asleep at his desk again, so I went to close the windows and wake him up\u8230\'85I tried nudging him to wake him up, but he didn\u8217\'92t move. His body flipped to the side, and he was limp without a sign of life in his eyes. I rushed to mom and that was all I saw.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE [2]:\tab When I went to check on him, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t notice anyone there at the time. All I remember was seeing him\u8230\'85lying there.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m so sorry to hear that.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KALE:\tab I have to go}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Kale leaves the room]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going through a lot right now, please forgive her}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Its not a problem Ms. Hoppins. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sure this must\u8217\'92ve been a lot to take in on a regular night. [Player] and I will inspect the area for clues.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPIN:\tab Of course, I shall leave it to you both}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [MADAM HOPPIN leaves the office for the two to inspect the area]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [OPTIONS: Window | Door | Desk | Bookshelves | Floor]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [If floor is chosen]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s this? Coffee grinds? Must\u8217\'92ve come from the mayor\u8217\'92s coffee mug. (They smell them) \tab These are still fresh, and I don\u8217\'92t see any signs of a coffee maker in here. Not sure how useful this will be but let\u8217\'92s hang on to this. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER RECEIVES NEW EVIDENCE] }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I think that should be everything, lets see if we can find anyone else to speak to about this incident.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player gets option to go outside if needed]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FOUR}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: The Drive through}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Huh\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85No ones here. Well since were already outside lets see if we can find anything out of place. The mayor\u8217\'92s office is just above here so the culprit must have jumped through the window and landed here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player has option to scout the area. If side walk is chosen:]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Did you find something?\tab ?!\tab A foot print? And it looks like it got engraved in the cement}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab Hey you there! You cant be here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Apologies, who might you be?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab Diesel, a contractor, I work here. And you are?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Im Inspector Vermont and this is my partner [Player]\tab Were here to\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab Im gonna have to stop you right there. I heard about the mayor and the whole kerfuffle but your stepping on wet cement there bud.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont scrambles to get out and wipe their hooves]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab No one reads the signs these days. Its bad enough I have to lay a fresh coat after some idiot messed up the last one.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab You mean the footprint?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab Yeah, see. The sidewalk needs a bit of polishin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92. People have been complaining nowadays so I was hired to rework the thing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player Options: Where were you | Who do you work for?]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab [If asked: Who do you work for?]\tab Listen pal, enough with the questions. \tab Im just here to grab my coffee, lay out cement and go home. Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want any part of this mayor thing}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I understand. Could we perhaps keep this piece here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DIESEL:\tab Do whatever you want, just get out of here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player receives footprint and gets kicked out to the city street]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Well that was pleasant. I know Im new here but Ive never seen there face before.\tab At least we retrieved more evidence, we couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t find anything else on the scene\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player has a chance to look through evidence]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab All we have are a few coffee beans and a footprint. \tab Given from the looks of it the culprit must have been an avian of some kind. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player: Lets stop at the caf\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Your right, no sense standing here thinking.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FIVE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Wild Roost Cafe}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The player and Vermont enter the caf\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9 and gets started by a loud squawk]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ??:\tab Number 94, Caramel Latter extra cream hold the sugar!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Wow, wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t what I was prepared for.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [A chatty barista is spotted behind the register]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab There you go Ma\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92am, thank you for coming to the Wild Roost, enjoy your day! Next in line!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Hi, Can I have a Large Green tea, no sugar please. What would you like [Player]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player] will have [ Choice]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Sure thing, would you like this for here or to-go?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Here please}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Here's your number, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll deliver your order to your seat when ready!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Thank you}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player and Vermont sit at table with their table number erect on the table]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Not a fan of coming to this place, it smells weird.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player: Smells fine to me. | Is it the coffee | That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s weird]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Ive been here before since I moved.\tab For some reason the coffee just wreaks\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Ive had coffee else where but this caf\u233\'E9 is just, not for me\tab Although that barista\u8230\'85 noticed anything weird about them [Player]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player mentions their feet]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Precisely, theyre an avian with an similar footprint to the evidence we retrieved at Town Hall. We should speak to them}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player: We should leave them alone | Invite them to the table | Just enjoy your drink]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab There you go, one green tea and a [Drink choice]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is a stunning design, sir, did you make this?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Oh thank you I did, Ive been working on my technique since I started working here *squawk*}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Please, do take a seat with us. We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d love to learn more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Cyrus hesitates]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab I should probably get back, theres probably a few customers waiting in line.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab It seems its just us. I insist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Cyrus squawks then take a seat]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont sips theyre drink.]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab A fine brew sir. I usually make my own tea at home but this is well done. Is this a popular drink here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Thank you and yeah it is, we usually have a bunch of customers coming in for it. But our most popular drink is our expresso}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab People really love their coffee here}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Cyrus squawk in excitement]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Would you blame them, its so popular even Kale stops by for her morning brew. Havent seen her in a while though, hope she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s okay. Probably meditating in the forest again.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab You know Kale?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Yeah, she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a regular here! \tab We chat every now and then, she usually stops by after visiting the salon across the street. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab You watched her cross the street?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Well yeah, it is a glass window. Usually see people pass by all the time, some even stop by to get a drink.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Strange that people get so excited over just some coffee.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Its not JUST any coffee this is an exotic imported coffee from off the island!\tab Beans grown here are too sweet. Folks really love the new imported brand because its just the right blend of sweet and bitter. [ ] Coffee is one of a kind and were honestly having a hard time keeping our shelves stocked haha}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont taps at Player to look down at Cyrus\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s feet and take a picture.]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Picture acquired]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do you know where its from?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab Unfortunately, I only know its imported. Though I heard a new coffee plant is being built just off the outskirts of town. Its been pretty empty so Im glad something new is happening around here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MANAGER:\tab Cyrus, we've got customers coming in!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CYRUS:\tab That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s my queue. It was nice talking to you all. Enjoy your drink}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Cyrus leaves the table.]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player: Why did you make me take a picture of their feet?]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab While they are avian, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to scare them off by mentioning the murder and showing evidence. \tab Dont look at me like that! Its clearly needed for our investigation!\tab Plus, she\u8217\'92s a civilian. We shouldn\u8217\'92t be running around causing mass panic just because were looking for a murderer. The best thing we can do is to keep the peace as best as we can. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player shows pictures side by side]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab The toes on the engraving is vastly different from that young barista. The nails on the print were well trimmed too. While the hunch about the suspect being avian may be leading us in an interesting direction. Were not making much progress\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85\tab The barista had mentioned that Kale stops by here after their spa. Kind of grasping at straws here but I think our next best bet is to check it out. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH 2 END}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SIX}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Crabby Caper}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH 3}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont and their assistant make their way to the salon just a few blocks from the cafe. There they are greeted with melodious chimes from the door and met the receptionist]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Hi, Inspector Vermont with the local Police. Id like to speak with you regarding intel on a regular at your salon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PHARA:\tab Oh no no no no. Not here.\tab I'm tired of your police folk coming in here interrupting my business.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab This town's really friendly... Im sorry ma'am, we'll be out of your way shortly, we just need to speak to someone for a moment.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PHARA:\tab If ya aint here for business then I suggest you leave.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Oh dear... we need to speak to a few people in the area but the receptionist isnt the friendliest. How do we do this?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Player Options]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Good idea!\tab Ma'am, would it be possible to have a quick pedicure while were here. My colleague and I have been walking quite a bit and it would be nice to treat ourselves even for just a few minutes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PHARA:\tab Hmm... I dont trust ya but my shop needs the customers...Fine. Sit over there and Ill have Puddin' take care of yah. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont and player are escorted to their chairs to get their pedicure]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Welcome.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Oh hello there!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Pedicure for two? Feet in the tray please. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab You must be pudding its a pleasure to meet you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab ...}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I take it that im not welcomed here. [Player] could you help me out with this situation?\tab We need as much intel as possible and I take it that they trust you more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [PLAYER SECTION:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (Option 1: Pleasure to meet you Pudding!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pudding: Hello}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Option 2: How long have you worked here?\tab Pudding: Ive worked here all my life. I care for big people.\tab Player: Big People?\tab Pudding: Large folk with claws and sharp teeth.\tab Vermont: Ah, strange that she describes people like that...\tab Option 3: What do you do outside of work?\tab Pudding: I...don't really go anywhere. This job is all Im good \tab \tab at. \tab Option 4: Do you go out to meet other people?\tab Pudding: Ive tried but someone like me doesnt get by that easily here. I was adopted by my grandparents and grew up here. \tab Option 5: Im sorry about Vermont\tab Player: Im sorry if my partner scared you. She means no harm.\tab Pudding: ...}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Miss Pudding, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Vermont, terribly sorry if I spooked you earlier.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Your the inspector from across the street.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Huh?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Ive seen you walking around talking to everyone. You spoke to Cyrus and she looked scared. I thought you were going to do something to them}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Oh, not at all. Apologies! [ Shes gotta sharp eye on things ]\tab So Im assuming you know why were here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Yes.But we must be quiet, the walls have ears.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab ...}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Of course ma'am, one moment while I give you a hair cut.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab [playing along] Hope its not too much of a bother haha, its been a while since ive had a hair cut!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pudding turns on the blow dryer]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pudding leans into their ears]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab My livelihood is at stake speaking to you two. You have to promise me to not get me involved if anything else happens?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Vermont clears their throat]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Im not sure how useful this is, but I had a client come in recently looking suspiciously calm.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Calm?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab I cant describe it beyond that but when he came in he \tab requested a private pedicure.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab I see.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Ive never seen him around town before so I thought he was a tourist. We dont get many of them around here so thought he was just nervous and needed something to calm himself. I took on the request and did his pedicure. He took off his shoes and it was covered in cement. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Cement?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Im not sure if he was involved in a construction accident but Im assuming that was the reason he was so riled up about.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Do you have a name?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PHARA:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pudding! Hurry up with those two, weve got a few more clients coming in}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Yes, Ma'am. Follow me up front.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The two dried off and went to the front desk to pay while pudding ran the register]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab That'll be $40.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pudding lifts a book onto the front desk and points at a name "Orion"]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab That was an excellent massage, ma'am. Have a good day.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PUDDING:\tab Thank you for stopping by.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The player and Vermont left the spa]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Orion... does that name sound familiar to you?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player: No]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Alright, looks like were making some progress. We know that Kale stops by for coffee regularly here but what I'm more concerned is who this Orion is. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player]:But where do we go from here...}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 VERMONT:\tab Well we cant just walk around town asking everyone about this "Orion" fellow. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player Options]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CH 3 End}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SEVEN}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (1 panel)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}