{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Player Option 1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Ask her some question}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Vermont:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont think thats a good call here. We simply walked in and already got alot of hostility from this person. Any other suggestions?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Lets ask for their services! \{Proceed to main story\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Lets just leave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Vermont: Giving up already? And here I thought there was more to you detective\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. Ill take care of this \{Proceed to main story\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Player Option 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pleasure to meet you Puddiing!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: Hello.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Vermont: Well that was short, any other ideas?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - How long have you worked here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: I have worked here all my life. I care for big people.\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Player: Big People?\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: Large folk with claws and sharp teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Vermont: Ah, strange that she describes people like that...\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - What do you do outside of work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: I... do not really go anywhere. This job is all I am good at. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Do you go out to meet other people?\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: I have tried but someone like me doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get by that easily here. I was  adopted by my grandparents and grew up here. \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I am sorry about Vermont\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Player:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab I am sorry if my partner scared you. She means no harm.\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pudding: ...}}