{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH5}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont and player rush into the salon]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hello, is anyone here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detective? Your back, whats wrong?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing of concern but I need to speak to your manager.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phara? She just left, its closing hour so she left me to clean up shop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you know when she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont know. She always leaves early and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the type to share her personal business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see, mind if we wait around while incase she comes back?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pudding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player and vermont wait out at the front of teh salon]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think were starting to get the big picture here [Player]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as Monty mentioned, we have a prime suspect in the wait but we cant just barge in and make accusations. We have to figure out how to expose this man for who he truly is and fast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont picks up on the smell again and sees a shadowy figure in the distance]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over there!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player and Vermont pick up on the scent and book it towards the pier]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wait, stop!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [ The figure dives into the water and Vermont follows suit. The figure then grabs Vermont\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg and pulls him down. Unable to breathe Vermont struggles to swim up to the surface and is then rescued by Monty]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hell are you doing out here!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cough cough. I was close}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you nuts?! You cant swim, you couldve drowned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty, I saw them!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty\line What?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The person who smelled of meat and roses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We chased them all the way to the pier and they jumped into the ocean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85did you see them?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sorry, detective. I was in the shack I didnt even see anyone jump in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DAMN. And we were so close too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps you should rest a bit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This case has gone on long enough, dont you see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liek you said, people are going missing, that crazy chicken threatened to kill me and I nearly drowned. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Listen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know this is tough but you gotta keep it together man. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill help however way I can, you have me and player to help as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What did you both see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I saw a figure with a long tail jumping in with a sack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The water\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85that mustve been the reason Ive been the only one who\u8217\'92s noticed that weird smell. Whomever did this knew what they were doing and had the experience behind it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a trail that they left while we chased them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, lets follwo the trail and see where it leads.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your coming with us?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your gonna need all the help you can get.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [The three follow the trail that leads to near the cafe]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay here Monty, Player and I have a few questions we need to ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont enters the cafe]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont, its good to see you again!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wonderful to see you as well Cyrus, hows everything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing out of the usual, just the same old.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I saw you just the other day with Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh him? Yeah we were just chating about the usual business. A friend of his stopped by with another sack of those special coffee beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from said friend do you know where he got these beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theyre imported from what im told but between you and me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr Orion said that since business has been booming with these new beans that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s planning on building a coffee plant for the town!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A coffee plant!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah! And he said he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make me the manager of it once its ready!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isnt that exciting!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting, so Orion is the one behind these beans.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cyrus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats right!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Care for a sample?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know what, maybe I will. Thank you}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont takes a cup and leaves the shop]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont takes a sip of the coffee]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cough cough, ahahahaha!! This is great, woo!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You alright?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Never felt so good! Monty want me to do anything for you buddy?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill do anything anything!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The matter with you???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Player splashes them with water]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What what happened?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You drank that sample and went full on crazy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if you were addicted to teh stuff. Have you had coffee before?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im not the biggest fan of it but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 if what you said is true then\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were going to Orion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We never got the chance to properly speak to him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Monty, I wont make you come along if you arent comfortable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ill follow the trail from earlier, you can go on ahead. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright. [Player] this is our last shot. I dont know who this man is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but if what Kale said is true, we MUST be on our toes. He\u8217\'92s the only one in town we havent spoken with\u8230\'85 its all or nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont storms off with Player back to the condominiums]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vermont}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were here but where the hell could he be\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Vermont rings the doorbell then a shadowy figure knocks them both out]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CH5 END}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}