{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Case reading | Mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office, City Hall: 11 PM]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a cold windy day as a storm was beginning to brew after a long week of summer head. A silhouette looms behind the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk revealing a pale body of the once beloved mayor. That night, the curtains were left open allowing the enthusiastic rain to soak the mayor on the spot. His body discovered by his daughter Kale who has reached out to him to return for dinner. No evidence was discovered in the scene of the crime.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Scene reveals to be the police station]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What kind of bastard would do such a thing? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And here I thought this town was finally becoming peaceful for a change. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92am, do you remember anything else from that night?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not that I know of\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 my daughter was the one who found him\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am sure she can provide more details but, right now\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 we would like some alone time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am sure you understand, chief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, of course. I understand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The chief packs up and heads out to of the room to investigate the area further but was stopped by Madam Hoppins.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, Madam?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The person who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s done this has disrupted the balance of not only this town but the lives of this family. My husband was a peaceful man who saw potential in this town and cared for its townsfolk as if they were his own family.  I want you to find whoever did this and see that they receive the same punishment by any means necessary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Understood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Chief leaves city hall to return to the police station]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Unbelievable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 First, folks in town have gone missing and now the mayor?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Things are getting out of hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The chief looks at the piles of papers stacked on their desks looking defeated]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player Options #1] }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh you, I did not see you there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sorry, my memory is still a bit fuzzy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85what was your name again?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player inserts name]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ah yes, [player]. Your new here, aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You have come at the right time, detective. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am sure you have already heard of what happened in city hall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entire station is backed up and we could you as much help as we can get.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Player Options #2] }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chief [ If options 1 or 2]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF [IF OPTION 3]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab ?! I will not tolerate such disrespect in my office. The force has been working hard to ensure that the townsfolk feel safe for generations to come. And I will not allow some spoiled, asshole from the city poison this town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s safety with your attitude.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF [AFTERWARDS]:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Anyway, your still new here so I cannot just trust a new detective from the out of town for such a hefty case. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here take this, I need you to go to this address and look for this person. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They just retirement but given their track record, would be the best person for this job. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I need you to track them down and make them take the case. With all the distractions we have at the station, we need a seasoned point of view to solve this case. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Will you, do it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [IF PLAYER AGREES]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHIEF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perfect, knew I can count on you! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Good luck and DON\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92T let me down. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [ Case File received.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panel 1: Vermont's Garden}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Pans to the street sign with address in case] }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ It was bright, open sky on this wonderful Saturday morning. Lush fruitful trees, colorful flowers dancing in the wind, not a worry in sight on this beautiful day.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This must be the place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ The player walks up to a beautiful garden with trees and wide variety of flowers. Curious they stop to smell the flowers and appreciate the scenery.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 ??:\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Enjoying the Magnolias?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [A tall elderly lion appeared behind you. They are wearing a flowery apron and wreak of roses.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those are magnolias, one of my prized flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were a gift from an old friend.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They are gorgeous, I do not think I have seen these types of flowers on the island.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Excellent observation, they are native on another island not too far from here, but I do appreciate the compliment, [ Player].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How did you???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 ??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab It is a small town. It is not hard to know who is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91who\u8217\'92 is around here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh, where are my manners, I am Vermont the owner of this garden.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am Detective [Player].}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pleasure to meet you detective [Player]. What brings you here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am here under order from chief to deliver this to this address. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [Vermont receives the case papers]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would you like some lemonade? Walking here must have been exhausting and I could use a glass myself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am sorry, madam but my orders were to give this to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I should return to the station}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I insist please come in}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player enters Vermont\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living room]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The room has a strong tropical appearance with lots of potted plants and a wood stove. Its small yet cozy. Vermont sits with you with a glass of lemonade.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I appreciate the hospitality but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do you need help with the mayor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s murder case?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chief does not trust me with a case this big, so they are requesting help from you it seems.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I see, I am sorry but I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take the case. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have retired and have been out of the field for years. I came to this town to get away from it all and relax after all these years. Apologies, but you will have to notify your chief that I must deny this request. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 [PLAYER]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please ma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92am. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is not just a regular case; the livelihood of the whole town is at stake. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [The player and Vermont were interrupted by MADAM HOPPINS who appears with bodyguards standing right by the room door]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am afraid the young detective is correct.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 BOTH VERMONT AND PLAYER}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab ?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The townsfolk are feeling restless after the assassination of my husband. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And I fear things are getting worse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [MADAM HOPPINS gives more reports of missing people in town]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1                  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People are going Missing Vermont and the police\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85they will not disclose this to the public but even they are fearful of their own lives to do anything about it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This has nothing to do with me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That may be so, but this is not just a regular late night bar quarrel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is real, Vermont. If the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s police are too busy to do anything, I can only trust a true professional to manage this case. You came to this town to finally have your freedom and I respect that but please, please help us Inspector Vermont.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont reflects on the decision and looks at MADAM HOPPINS who reminds her of her ex-wife and stands up]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS... Ill investigate this case, rest assured. I will do whatever I get to the bottom of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 MADAM HOPPINS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thank you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thank you Inspector...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player looks on and was interrupted by Vermont]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 VERMONT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player] would you like to join me on this case? I will need the help of familiar face if we are to get to the bottom of this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [Player hesitates but agrees]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 [ Vermont dawns their coat and join the player as they return to city hall to begin their investigation]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 CHAPTER 1 END }
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0}